Hi, everyone, in this next year, we're going to create the progress and counter functions.
All right, so first off, let's go into our necessary variables and in here I want to do some basically
I want to create some variables along with doing some calculations.
So I'm going to say CONSED, let's say let's create the question time first.
So the question the time for each question is going to be ten seconds.
And that's basically says 10 seconds.
All right, so the time for each question is 10 seconds.
Let's go ahead and let's create our gauge with so this is the gauge with whenever each second passes,
the gauge with is going to be like the color for that is going to be incremented by a certain number.
All right.
And this is where we create that.
And I'm going to send it to 800 and I'm going to tell you exactly where this 800 is coming from.
Now, the gauge with is the number for that is 800.
The reason for that is that this gauge that we have from here all the way to here, it is going to be
800 pixels.
And we can see that inside our success.
And we can see because the gauge itself, it is empty, the gauge is empty.
This gauge background, it is empty.
We don't see we don't have any we don't have any content for it.
We need to provide it with some sort of dimension.
So if I come down here, we can see that this gauge background, it has a height of 10 pixels.
So this height, this very little height is going to be 10 pixels and the width is going to be 800.
We could go ahead and increase the height to 100 pixels, which is not going to look good.
Right?
That's why it's ten pixels.
And now you know that this is actually the dimensions for this gauge.
So the dimension is 800 pixels.
We are not worried about the pixels for now.
We just want to get this 800.
So that's why the gauge with is 800 dynamically, which comes from the 800 pixels.
And the next concept, the next variable that I'm going to create is going to make the most sense.
This is going to be Gaige unit.
What is the gauge unit?
The gauge unit is the instrumentation of this gauge.
So each time this a second passes, we are going to see that this background, this color is being incremented.
What is this increment?
This increment each time is going to be 80 pixels because we have ten seconds.
Like this is very simple math.
We have ten seconds and we have a bar that is 800 pixels.
So eight hundred divided by ten seconds, we are going to get 80 pixels.
So if we want to sync this bar with this second, with this counter, we need to like divide this bar
into ten equal portions because we have ten seconds.
Each equal portion is going to be 80 pixels and we want to increment whenever each second passes.
We want to increment this bar or this gauge with 80 pixels.
And we need that 80 pixels to be calculated inside the JavaScript.
So we are going to grab our gauge with gauge with.
Uh.
Gaige, is it G, is it why OK, why is it?
Q It should be G.
And is it G.U., A or Jiegu, I think it's Geet you, so let's say it doesn't really matter as long
as you understand what it says.
But I'm just going to set it to G.U..
I think it is here as well.
Yeah, it is a.
So where are we where we are right here, that's why it wasn't working, so GIU unit and not the unit
we want to grab the with and we want to divide it by the question time.
Where is the question time?
Where is it?
Yeah, here it is, so 800 divided by ten.
We are going to get 80, so the increment is going to be 80 pixels.
Semicolon, this is going to be 80 pixels, right, and I want to create another variable here, but
I'm not going to add any value to it and we are just going to initialize it.
Right.
So we are just going to initialize it and we are going to change.
We are going to change the value dynamically.
All right.
So let's come down here and let's create our.
Render progress function.
All right, so in here, what I'm going to do is I'm going to say render progress function.
So this is the function that that is responsible for creating these 10 boxes down here.
Right.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to say function, render progress.
There is no parameter.
And in here, what do we want to do?
We want to create 10 boxes dynamically, not one box, 10 boxes.
And these 10 boxes, they are related to ten questions.
So let's go ahead and let's use a for loop.
We are going to say let and we are going to create a very comprehensive loop variable that is going
to say that is going to be question index and we are going to say it starts from zero and then the question
index.
As going to go all the way to Iraq to be equal or less than the value is going to be equal or less than
less than or equal to our last question.
And each time it runs, we are going to incremented by one.
And now now we have created a referral.
All right.
But what is this last question?
So let's take a look at it.
This is the last question.
The last question is going to be the questions, the length minus one.
So the last question is going to give us the index of the last item inside the array, which is nine.
All right.
So it is going to go all the way to be equal to nine.
And it is going to create those money because it starts from zero.
So it's zero one, two, three.
All the way to nine.
We are going to get 10.
Ten progress bars or ten progress boxes, right, to be more accurate.
Where do we want those progress boxes?
We are going to grab our progress that we have selected inside the progress container.
And we are going to say enter HTML.
We are going to add to that, but we are not going to we are not going to make it equal to that.
We are going to add it on to it.
We are going to appended to this progress container.
The reason for that is because we are creating ten of these.
If we if we simply say an equal sign, it is going to create the first one.
And then when the second one is created, the second one is going to be the first one is going to be
replaced by the second one.
And then the third one is created.
The second one is going to be replaced by the third one.
Right.
But we do not want to replace anything by anyone and we want to add on.
So when the first one is created, then we want to add a second one to it.
Then we want to add a third one to it and all the way to number 10.
So this is going to be another dynamic element as well.
We are going to create a diff.
This is going to be a diff and this diff is going to have a class.
The class is let's make sure that the syntax is correct.
The class is going to be progress.
Dasch box.
All right.
And we are also going to have an I.D. and you might ask, OK, where is this question?
And we are going to use it inside the ID.
So each time the question index has a number value, it is going to be it is going to specify the IED
for that specific div that we are creating here.
So I'm going to grab it and I'm going to say let's let's put it right here.
So this is going to be a requestion index.
And now let's add the closing tag as well.
Let's save it.
So now we have we should have successfully created 10 boxes until we just go ahead and render this progress.
All right.
So we should call this call this function.
Let's call it.
Let's save it and let's come in here.
We don't see that.
And
let's take a look at what could be wrong here.
So we have a progress container.
What is the progress container?
The progress container should be our progress container that we have here.
Right.
And if I come down here, we have said progress box.
The idea is going to come from here, render progress for question index.
Last question.
We have done everything correctly.
A right and.
And I think the problem is not inside the JavaScript.
The problem is inside the success, because now that I'm thinking about it is I've used it in our final
product and then we're finished application.
I didn't use progress box.
I used progress bar, which is actually not accurate.
So I have to change this class to box.
So let's save it.
Let's come here.
And now we get 10.
So this the number of this comes from the number of questions that we have.
So if I were to come and our questions and let's say I just replicate this question two more times and
save it now, we should be able to see 12 boxes.
So this is a good thing that we do it through JavaScript.
So whenever you want to increase the number of questions, you do not need to worry about the number
of boxes that you need to be.
Either you need to increase as well because they are going to get increased automatically.
And dynamically so, we have successfully created our render of progress.
I wanted to create the render counter function in this lecture as well, but as it seems, it has been
postponed to the next lecture.
See you guys then.